Motorola DS9208 Product Review POSGuys.com
Hi, this is Camille with POSGuys.com
Today we're reviewing the Motorola DS9208
omni-directional hands-free presentation imager.
This is the upgrade to the LS9208, and it
has
some improved features which include not only
the ability to read 1D barcodes, but also
the
ability to read 2D barcodes, and to be able
to
read off cell phones.
Some improvements on the new model are that
instead
of scanning with a grid of lines, it scans
with
a field of light, so you can then take a picture
of the barcode from any angle.
It also has a pick-less mode, where you can
pick
it up, hit the button, and the target will
change
to a dot.
So you can scan off a list, and then you
just click the button and it'll scan it.
Set it back down, and it'll just reset to
hands-free mode.
It also works really well in bright light.
[beep]
It scans just as easily.
It supports all the standard interfaces including
USB, and when you have a USB cable you do
not need
an external power supply.
You can use the DS9208 to extend your customer
loyalty program, and as an example I'm going
to
show you how to enter a customer into your
system.
So I'm gonna go into CRE and get a new customer
by adding them.
So you just come and scan the
barcode on your loyalty card.
Come back into your program and fill out your
necessary information, John Doe.
Save it into your system,
and then exit out of there.
So one of the things that makes this more
convenient
for your customers is that they can scan the
barcode,
and store it on their phone.
And then when they come back in, even if they
don't
have the card, they can still scan the barcode.
For example, we're gonna find that customer,
John Doe.
So we go into quick find, then I come back
down,
go to my cell phone to find that picutre of
the barcode.
And then just scan it back into the system,
and as
you can see, John Doe is now logged in and
his
information is down here, and he didn't even
have
his card on him.
The DS9208 is the newest scanner and has the
ability to
read off cell phones.
That'll allow you to send out coupons,
and to extend your customer loyalty program,
as well as
accept electronic payments.
It comes in two modes, standard and drivers-license
parsing,
so when you purchase it you'll need to specify
that.
Drivers-license parsing is where it only gives
you the
useful information off the drivers license.
You would also need to specify the interface
cable, and
purchase that separately.
The scanner comes with a 3-year
manufacturers warranty, lifetime POSGuys support,
and has an
optional service plan.
If you'd like more information, or to
purchase the DS9208, please visit us at POSGuys.com